Enhance README and add LICENSE (#20)
EOPF-Explorer/narratives: README.md

* Client-side rendering with [OpenLayers](https://explorer.eopf.copernicus.eu/software-services/ol/) reading EOPF Zarr directly from cloud storage

All stories also include a section about the services and software features they rely on. Thanks to these features, the authoring of the stories requires no data pre-processing – you can start writing right away. 

## Contributions welcome

We welcome contributions. Please note our license and the following instructions:

### Structure

- Markdown story files must be placed in the **root of the repository** to be picked up by the storytelling engine.
- Do **not** store assets (images, videos, data files) in this repo.

### Assets

Upload assets to [EOPF-Explorer/eodash-assets](https://github.com/EOPF-Explorer/eodash-assets) and reference them via:

- GitHub raw URL: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EOPF-Explorer/eodash-assets/main/<path>`
- rawgit CDN (cache-friendly): `https://raw.githack.com/EOPF-Explorer/eodash-assets/main/<path>`

### Preview

When a pull request is opened, a bot will post a comment with a link to the live preview of the story. No manual steps required.

## Coding agents

> There is an MCP (Model Context Protocol) service available that enables coding agents (Copilot, Claude Code, et al.) to compose the eodash storytelling elements reliably. Details will follow shortly.

Reviewer: Can we link to it? and how to use it? @A-Behairi

Reviewer 2: Here's a suggestion with the link to the documentation, installation steps, and an example starter prompt.

````suggestion
The [EOxElements MCP](https://eox-a.github.io/EOxElements/?path=/docs/coding-agents--docs) (Model Context Protocol) service is available to enable coding agents (Copilot, Claude Code, et al.) to compose the eodash storytelling special markdown syntax reliably.

### Installation

**Option 1 -- hosted server (no install required):**

Add `https://elements.mcp.eox.at` as an MCP server in your coding agent settings.

**Option 2 -- local install:**

```bash
npm install -g @eox/elements-mcp-server
elements-mcp-server
```
The server will be available at `http://localhost:3000/mcp`. Add that URL as an MCP server in your coding agent settings.

### Starter prompt

Use the following prompt to get started:

```prompt
Use the EOxElements MCP to fetch the `eox-storytelling` element stories and documentation.
Read through the fetched stories to understand the special markdown syntax -- the available
section types, map blocks, chart blocks, metadata properties, and any other supported elements.

Once you have a clear picture of the syntax, ask me what narrative I want to write. I will
describe the topic, the data sources, and the message I want to convey. You will then draft
a `.md` story file in the root of this repository following the eox-storytelling markdown
conventions you learned.

If a block type or property is unclear, re-fetch the relevant story
example from the MCP before writing.
```

````
